https://www.iranair.com/terms-and-conditions

Flight rules and regulations

1. All ticket purchase operations in this system are subject to current e-commerce laws and any violation will be prosecuted. The buyer hereby declares that he is fully aware of all the rules and regulations of ticket purchase. 

2. When entering information and making a reservation, the basic information of the passenger, such as name and surname, flight route, flight time, travel date, must be entered correctly. 

3. The purchased ticket belongs to the passenger whose details are entered in the system and cannot be transferred to another. If the passenger's name on the ticket and ID card do not match, the passenger will not be accepted at the airport. Also, no name change or correction is possible after the ticket is issued, and in order to correct the information, the ticket issuing office must return the ticket with the relevant costs and reissue it based on the daily rate. 

4. Since the acceptance of passengers at the airport is possible only by presenting and matching the contents of the national card or passport with the ticket, therefore, all personal information must be received from the passenger in a correct and authentic manner (in person and in person) and recorded in the system. Before issuing the ticket, the ticket-issuing office must verify the correctness of the information (name, surname, national card number, passport number, date of birth, passport validity, etc.) with the passenger. It is mandatory to carry these documents to issue a flight card.

5. For Iranian passengers who have two passports (Iranian and foreign), tickets should be issued based on the personal information contained in their foreign passports. 

6. The no show range in "Homa" flight network (domestic and international) is 24 hours before the flight. 

7. Information regarding the change of time or cancellation of the flight is done through SMS or email, so the responsibility for the correctness of the passenger's contact information, including the mobile number/landline number at the origin and destination and the email address All domestic and international flights are the responsibility of the ticket issuing office and the passenger. Ticket issuing offices can refer to the Contact detail section in order to correct the passenger's mobile number and e-mail address. 

8. When entering the passport number, letters and numbers should be recorded in full. It is obvious that all responsibility and crimes caused by not including sufficient or wrong information in the ticket are the responsibility of the ticket issuing office and the passenger. 

9. In terms of the ticket price, a baby passenger is less than two years old, a child passenger is between two and twelve years old, and an adult passenger is more than twelve years old. Obviously, if there is any mistake in entering the age category and date of birth of the passengers, the passenger will be prevented from boarding the plane and the ticket issuing office will be responsible for it. Issuance of infant and child tickets in the "Homa" flight network is done in such a way that the age of the passenger during the trip is the criterion for determining the type of passenger and the price of the round trip ticket. 

10. All the times listed in the passenger's reservation and ticket are in local time. 

11. The minimum time required for a passenger to be at the airport for admission is one and a half hours for domestic flights and three hours for international flights. 

12. Until further notice, all domestic flights with origin or destination in Tehran will be made from Terminal 2 of Mehrabad Airport and all international flights with origin or destination in Tehran will be made from Imam Khomeini Airport. 

13. The minimum time required for connecting flights in Tehran is as follows. It is obvious that if the required time is not met when making a reservation, the ticket issuing office will be responsible for any damages. 

• International flight to IKA international flight to IKA three hours 

• International flight to IKA domestic flight to THR five hours 

• Domestic flight to international flight THR to IKA five hours 

• Domestic flight to domestic flight THR to THR two hours 

14. Passengers who do not reside in the destination country, their passports must be valid for at least 6 months from the start of the trip on international flights. Obviously, the ticket issuing office will be responsible for not paying attention to the validity of the passport. Also, the ticket issuing office is obliged to issue the passenger's ticket according to the passenger's visa. 

15. A one-way ticket is awarded to passengers who have a type D visa, residency or passport of the destination country. 

16. The ticket-issuing office is obliged to determine the passengers' itinerary and the remaining flight coupons in case of any change in their reservation by "Homa" (cancellation, acceleration, delay). 

17. If the sequence of flight coupons is not followed, the ticket will be returned unused and only with the relevant costs. 

18. Refund of tickets is possible up to one year from the date of issue due to deletion of information and details from the system. 

19. The ticket issuing offices are responsible for issuing the passenger ticket with full specifications, including the terms and conditions of the ticket, the final price (base price, cancellation rules and additional costs), the name of the carrier and other necessary information Present to passengers . Any changes must be made by changing the ticket and corresponding fees (rescheduling). Regarding our special contracts between "Homa" and air travel service offices, it is subject to relevant regulations and contracts.

20. The use of special services, including medical equipment such as oxygen during the flight, carrying passengers lying down on the flight (Stretcher) is possible only at "Homa" sales offices.

21. Carrying a flight license from "Homa" Air Medical Center is mandatory in the following cases: • a. Pregnant women (over 28 weeks), people with cardiovascular, respiratory, epilepsy, anemia and diabetes.   b. Patients taking immunosuppressive drugs. c. Dialysis patients and travelers who need the help of another person during the trip or any type of condition that prohibits air travel. d. Patients should carry the medicines they need in their handbags during the trip. • e. To contact "Homa" air medical center, you can call 46624322. 

22. All flights of "Huma" airline (domestic and foreign), the rules for changing the date, canceling the ticket and the maximum allowed baggage vary according to the rate class. It is mandatory to announce the ticket regulations before issuing the ticket to the passenger and including it in the passenger's receipt. 

23. In compliance with the allowed load included in the passenger's ticket, the weight of each piece of clothing on "Homa" flights should not exceed 23 kg. Also, the maximum weight of hand luggage that can be carried in the economy cabin is 5 kg and in the "Homa" class cabin is 7 kg. In combined flights and continuing the route with other companies, the conditions are different and subject to mutual regulations. 

24. In order to inform and prevent future problems, in case of loss or damage to the passenger's clothes during the trip, passengers should report the relevant report to the representative of the carrier before leaving the baggage delivery hall at all domestic and international airports. to write Otherwise, insurance companies refuse to pay for possible damages.

25. Is the cost of changing the date or refund fixed? Due to the number of rate classes, the above costs are different in each class. (Travel service offices are obliged to inform the traveler about the above costs.)

26. Domestic flights of "Homa" are made from which airport? All domestic flights of "Homa" are carried out from Terminal 2 of Mehrabad Airport, and the passenger is required to be at the airport terminal one and a half hours before the flight.

27. What is the weight of each package that can be delivered at the reception counter? The maximum weight of each package or suitcase that can be accepted (regardless of the amount of free suitcase mentioned in the ticket) is 23 kg, and "Homa" will not be liable for zippers, separation or broken locks, handles and wheels of suitcases weighing more than 23 kg. had

28. In order to observe the safety points of placing all kinds of liquids such as oil, vinegar, etc. . . which causes damage to the contents of your luggage and other passengers, avoid. All airlines, including "Huma", will not be responsible for the loss of valuable items (jewelry, cash, identification documents, etc.) in the accepted luggage. Accordingly, it is recommended to take such items into the cabin in your carry-on bag or to go to the baggage claim unit for guidance on the steps of insuring your items.

29. What should be done in case of damage or tampering with clothes? In this case, "Homa" personnel will guide you to "Homa" legal insurance unit located at Mehrabad Airport, "Homa" central offices, to determine and receive compensation by creating a case according to the type of damage.

30. What should be done if the package does not reach the destination? In this case, the necessary information and documents will be collected from the passenger by the personnel of Jamedan "Homa" department and recorded in Jamedan's mechanized tracking system. This system is internationally connected with the airports of the world, and you will be able to track the latest status of your missing garment in any corner of the world, and as soon as the garment is found, the personnel of the mentioned unit will inform you.

31. What items should not be delivered to the counter inside the wardrobe? Items such as perishable items, breakable items, cash, jewelry, documents, flammable liquids, etc.

32. What is the limit of carrying clothes inside the airplane cabin? Respected passengers are allowed to carry a hand bag according to the dimensions of the compartment above the passenger's head or under the seat. These dimensions should not exceed 56 x 45 x 25 cm. The total dimensions should not exceed 115 cm. Also, the maximum weight of the clothes is 5 kg for normal class passengers and 7 kg for "Homa" class passengers.

33. What are the conditions for transporting live animals in the "Homa" flight network? According to the letter of the Civil Aviation Organization, the entry and acceptance of any pet in the passenger terminal on domestic flights is prohibited, and passengers should refer to the cargo section of "Homa" if they have a live animal. In domestic flights, live animals are delivered to the cargo service unit at least 3 hours before the flight. The entry and acceptance of pets (dogs and cats) in the passenger terminal on international flights is possible by complying with IATA LAR regulations and standards and presenting the relevant documents (health certificate, passport or birth certificate, having a microchip, etc.) in the cargo area of the plane. It is mandatory to keep the pet inside the standard cage in terms of the permitted dimensions, impermeable floor and water and food containers needed by the animal during the air travel from the beginning of entering the hall of the airport of origin and leaving the hall of the airport of destination. Also, it is mandatory to remove the pet's defensive capabilities that may cause fear, discomfort and stress to other passengers even by keeping them in a cage (such as wearing a muzzle for dogs, gloves for cats) depending on the case. 

34. Due to the limitations of transporting live animals with the "Homa" fleet, the necessary arrangements must be made before the flight for the possibility of transporting animals with passenger flights. It is not possible to carry live animals in Airbus 321, Airbus 320, and ATR. Also, until further notice, it is not possible to accept animals inside the passenger cabin in "Homa" flight network.

35. How much is the cost of changing the date and refunding the ticket? If the passenger cancels the trip, up to 24 hours before the flight time, 25% of the basic price of the ticket will be deducted for each route and the rest will be returned to the passenger. From 24 hours before the flight time, 50% of the basic price of the ticket will be deducted and the rest will be returned to the passenger. If there is a cost to change the date of the initial rate class, the corresponding penalty will be charged, and if a higher rate class is available on the new date, the difference will also be charged. It should be noted that in case of price reduction, the ticket cannot be exchanged and can only be refunded so that a new ticket with a lower price can be issued.

36. How to order special food during the flight? When buying tickets for international flights, it is possible to request special foods (based on the available food list).

37. What services are offered to passengers during a flight? Food services, drinks, entertainment, publications, etc. . .

38. Is smoking allowed on the flight? No, smoking is prohibited on the flights of the Islamic Republic of Iran "Homa" airline.

39. How to change the ticket purchased from the site? If the ticket was prepared after registering on the site and with a personal user, after selecting the "login" section and entering the email and password, the corresponding reservation should be restored and the rest of the change steps should be done. If the ticket was purchased as a guest user, after selecting the option "list of reservations" and entering the last name in Latin and the reservation code, the option to change the ticket is available for payment.

